Uh, right now, I know you were doing this, that exercise to understand. So now you understand, right? Yes, HTTPS, you did it in UAT, and that particular HTTPS you are able to configure in the VIP. Were you able to do it for W IP? Also
you created a new W IP or VIP, right in that case? Yes,
hold on you. You pinged already do one thing, you can check by yourself, itself right in the portal, right? If you put the old WIP, which is there already, right, if you put that over there, you will get the details, what has been used, right, that you will be able to do that right. And moreover, what I'll do is, can you ping me the dev, W, I P, and UAT, W IP, I will forward you the email, which I have got after I've created the IP. During that time, it is like long back. I'll try to find out those emails. I share it with you, right? That is one. Another thing is we need to probably create a new pipeline, right? You see the CRM, right? CRM to lump us one pipeline in the right speed. Similarly, we need to similarly, we need to clear something like something underscore new, right? Which will the same project. Everything right? The name would be changed, and that deployment would be the same deployment, but with underscore new, something like that, right? Or hyphen new, so that we have to standardize. So, can you do one thing, right? Can you see what all wherever we want to make a change, right? Can you find all those things? So first thing is, you need to change the pipeline name. Not change basically, create new pipeline name. Can you come up with a new pipeline name that is one? So what I am trying to say is, I'll try to relate it by showing you so that you are on the right track, right? In order to so when you go to the light speed, go to the city digital, right, you will find CRM. This is a CRM project. Right. Under this project you have this pipeline. This is the pipeline which you are using for API, right? I want you to create the same CRM, hyphen, olapas, hyphen. API, hyphen, new right as a new pipeline, I can create it. That is fine for me. But inside this the bit bucket is there, right? The same bit bucket need to be migrated to the new pipeline, right, right. And there you need to change the name today. It is CRM, hyphen, odas, hyphen, API, right as a component name inside, if you see the shell scripts right, the start and stop shell scripts right there you will find the component name. You need to change the component name, also a bit. And then if you don't change the component name, that is all right, but you need to change the port number, right, which is there second, the path where this gets deployed in the server, VM, server, right? That path, folder name need to be changed also, right? Those things need to be done, right? That is one another thing is, when you deploy these things in dev and UAT, right, I guess I need to help you, probably on this right, because you will not be aware about a lot of things. Can you do me a favor? Right? Can you set up a call right away? And if you can join early on Monday, 5pm ISD, if possible, keep a session for one hour. We'll discuss on detail about every bit of it. But today, I will give you something so that today and tomorrow you can work
correct, correct. So are you able to do that in UAT? You are able to create VIP and
W IP, both VIP and UAT, but Dev has some VR, whatever raised against you, for it and for W IP, for details, for rising WIP, I reached cas. Yeah, I reached Rupesh. Then Rupesh gave me your details to raise WAP, but you said to reach to CAS, so I
hold on you. You pinged already do one thing, you can check by yourself, itself right in the portal, right? If you put the old WIP, which is there already, right, if you put that over there, you will get the details, what has been used, right, that you will be able to do that right. And moreover, what I'll do is, can you ping me the dev, W, I P, and UAT, W IP, I will forward you the email, which I have got after I've created the IP. During that time, it is like long back. I'll try to find out those emails. I share it with you, right? That is one. Another thing is we need to probably create a new pipeline, right? You see the CRM, right? CRM to lump us one pipeline in the right speed. Similarly, we need to similarly, we need to clear something like something underscore new, right? Which will the same project. Everything right? The name would be changed, and that deployment would be the same deployment, but with underscore new, something like that, right? Or hyphen new, so that we have to standardize. So, can you do one thing, right? Can you see what all wherever we want to make a change, right? Can you find all those things? So first thing is, you need to change the pipeline name. Not change basically, create new pipeline name. Can you come up with a new pipeline name that is one? So what I am trying to say is, I'll try to relate it by showing you so that you are on the right track, right? In order to so when you go to the light speed, go to the city digital, right, you will find CRM. This is a CRM project. Right. Under this project you have this pipeline. This is the pipeline which you are using for API, right? I want you to create the same CRM, hyphen, olapas, hyphen. API, hyphen, new right as a new pipeline, I can create it. That is fine for me. But inside this the bit bucket is there, right? The same bit bucket need to be migrated to the new pipeline, right, right. And there you need to change the name today. It is CRM, hyphen, odas, hyphen, API, right as a component name inside, if you see the shell scripts right, the start and stop shell scripts right there you will find the component name. You need to change the component name, also a bit. And then if you don't change the component name, that is all right, but you need to change the port number, right, which is there second, the path where this gets deployed in the server, VM, server, right? That path, folder name need to be changed also, right? Those things need to be done, right? That is one another thing is, when you deploy these things in dev and UAT, right, I guess I need to help you, probably on this right, because you will not be aware about a lot of things. Can you do me a favor? Right? Can you set up a call right away? And if you can join early on Monday, 5pm ISD, if possible, keep a session for one hour. We'll discuss on detail about every bit of it. But today, I will give you something so that today and tomorrow you can work
on those things pipeline and at least basic
things, you will be ready at least in your local and then we can quickly go on one hour complete session where we'll go on step by step, everything right, and sort all your issues. I know I'm not I was not able to connect with you. There was a miss from my itself, and I was not getting time at all, and that this newer project is like on our highest priority right now. So, okay, that is one, right? 1223, things which you need to understand. One is point number one, check the shell script that is start or stop scripts, right? Understand what is going on with that. Right. By that, you will understand where we are deploying the code in the server, and then what we are doing on that. That will give you the basic details about at least small things, right? Build creation. You understand that is straightforward from Jenkins. It happens, right? Jenkins files give you those details, but the start and stop shell scripts, right? As such scripts, you can go through them and understand what we are doing in that. So I'll give you the. High level understanding on it. What we are doing is we are creating a we are we are creating a process, which we call it as the TD process, right, which we create on the server. That process is nothing, but which hosts the API on the server, right? So in order to host, you understand right, basic thing, right? First is you create a jar, right? That will be done through Jenkins. You can read the Jenkins. You'll understand as soon as you check in, a build is created, right? Yes, that build need to be moved to a environment that for that you use. You deploy. Yes, okay. And then when you deploy, it deploys at some path, right? You need to understand that path. So if you you already have a component of you deploy CRM Olympus component, go through that component, go to the process in that and understand what is written over there. You'll get what I'm trying to say. Okay, this is just the homework, which you can learn through. Right? That is first. So now, now you need to deliver this right, first is build part continuous build, which is done after that you need to deliver it, which you call it as integration, CICD, right, a continuous integration and continuous delivery, right, right. And then that point is done using you deploy right to the specific server. Now today, if you see there would be XYZ folder where it would be deployed. The code would be deployed. Right? When I say code, it is nothing but a structure which we are following. So we are following a structure. If you see there is a the XML file, right,
what it starts from, a
assembly, assembly XML file right where we write the structure which we want to follow
when we create a build right
jar we create right so it has config, it has lip folder, and all those things, right. Understand that file also. You'll understand what I'm trying to say, and then relate that to the POM file, because right assembly XML to palm file, right? So once assembly file, that structure, that form, help us to create that directly, indirectly, using Jenkins. See Jenkins do nothing, right? It just do the build creation. Start build right. Build happens through palm only, right, whatever steps are there in palm and assembly, according to that, it will create the jar right for us, right? So understand that power point also right? Because this will help when you will create a new pipeline. You need to, when you deploy it, you need to deploy it in a new folder in the server, right? And the external path will remain the same, yes, external, the external application file, application config file, right. That remains the same, right, you would have seen in the in the application file, right? Let me show
yeah. So if you see over here, application config file, right, that remains the same, right, you would have seen in the in the application file, right? Let me show you application dot properties. Let me show yeah. So if you see over here, SRC main scripts over here, you'll find this sh file. You need to see these two, okay, yeah. And in the main itself, you have resource. Inside this resource, we have application property. If you see application property file, it has this spring config import you have to look into. And then what you have to look into and then what I was talking about, the you deploy. Let me show you that as well, because,
with this basic detail, at least two days, you can just continue on your items, right, and you will not be stopped.
It is not logging in.
Okay? Great, so you go into the component, you.
CRM, so this is the project, right? CRM, first, right? So this is the component. I'll just ping you first. This. Let me ping you the exact thing. This is the process. This is the CRM, okay, so this is the component and the process which I'm talking about.
Okay, over here, if you see the CRM straight, don't make sure you don't destroy this, right? If you go over here, just maximize a bit, right, so that you can read it. There's a pin option over here. You click on this, you will see this, right? You see what is being written over here. Shpr, running this, what we are doing we make be first stop the process. That means we are bringing down the API in the first step. This is, this is the temporary thing. You can ignore that. And similarly, if you see the major important thing which I want to show you is this, right? If you see untiring of it and removal of the tar Simulink creation, permission giving, right. And then start this. Start. I wanted to show, show you this, okay? And if you click, this is the start. If you see this process
relating, can we clone this and start modifying?
No, no, you don't have to modify anything on this. When you will create a pipeline, right? This, this process will automatically create, will clone this component over there. This process alone in that okay, I will tell you all those details for that you might you can reach out to pretty PA to understand the DevOps side of it, right? But at least for now, you can just work on this. If you see what we are doing is we are running this start underscore app process is a part of our API only, right? Our project itself, right? We run this, and this will do the needful for us. It will create a process. It will host my API, all the all the attributes and things, right? So this is what I want to show you, right? So this you can just revisit and see what is it, right? And now on the W IP side, just hold on. We'll talk about it on Monday. I will give you all the details till then. Just work on all these things, right, and then be prepared on this, okay, on Monday and set up a call right away. Otherwise, what happens is, because of the priority of data, like, right, this is always delayed, and I don't want to do that, right, just set up a
call on this. Yeah, yeah, thank you. Okay. Bye.
